c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\MathBattle.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\MathBattle.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\obj\x86\Debug\MathBattle.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\obj\x86\Debug\MathBattle.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\obj\x86\Debug\MathBattle.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Content\dude.xnb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Content\megamansprite.xnb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Health.xnb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Content\winFont.xnb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MathBattle\MathBattle\MathBattle\bin\x86\Debug\Content\instructionFont.xnb
